Getting ready for 3.7.0 release (#661)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: src/pages/changelog/Gateway-3.7.0.md

This change is to allow super users identified with mTLS using their full DN form (`CN=writeuser,OU=Unknown,O=Unknown,L=Unknown,ST=Unknown,C=Unknown`), and makes Gateway aligned with the Kafka configuration.
:::info
This change doesn't affect super users specified in virtual clusters, as they are specified using the YAML array.
:::

### Preview Feature: Gateway Local KMS

This release adds a preview feature 'local' KMS type for the encryption plugins provided in gateway. This new KMS type is effectively a delegated storage model, and is designed to support encryption use cases which generate unique secret ids per record or even field (typically via the mustache template support for a secret id). It allows you to leverage your KMS for security via a single master key, but efficiently and securely store many per-record keys this type of configuration will generate in Gateway managed storage.

:::info
_Preview Feature_ - this feature is currently in preview mode and will be fully available soon. While we make every effort to ensure correct operation, during preview this feature is not recommended for production workloads. 
:::

> The keys stored by gateway are all encrypted themselves via a configured master key externally held in your KMS - and as such are also secure as they are useless without access to the external KMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keys stored by Gateway are all encrypted themselves via a configured master key externally held in your KMS - and as such are also secure as they are useless without access to the external KMS.
```

#### Encryption

> A new KMS type `gateway-kms` is available for use for this feature. E.g. below is the encryption config for the Gaterway based KMS, backed by an external Vault KMS for the actual encryption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new KMS type `gateway-kms` is available for this feature. E.g. below is the encryption config for the Gateway-based KMS, backed by the master key in an external Vault KMS:
```
